chore: reword (#1314)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: wallet/how-to/use-sdk/3rd-party-libraries/wagmi.md

## Benefits of using the Infura API with Wagmi

> Mobile dapps might lose their continuous connection with MetaMask, causing read-only requests to fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read-only requests are blockchain requests that do not require user wallet interaction.
Mobile dapps can lose their continuous connection with MetaMask, causing read-only requests to fail.
```
